content/papers/paper2/index.md, before:

---
title: "Paper Title 2" 
date: 2015-12-01
tags: ["keyword 1","keyword 2","keyword 4"]
author: ["Author Name 1", "Author Name 2"]
description: "This paper shows other things. Published in Journal Name, 2015." 
summary: "This paper shows other things using other techniques and different data." 
cover:
    image: "paper2.png"
    alt: "Image caption"
    relative: false
editPost:
    URL: "https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1816454115"
    Text: "Other Journal Name"

---

---

##### Download

+ [Paper](paper2.pdf)
+ [Online appendix](appendix2.pdf)
+ [Code and data](https://github.com/pmichaillat/unemployment-gap)

---

##### Abstract

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

---

##### Figure X: Figure caption

![](paper2.png)

---

##### Citation

Author 1 and Author 2. Year. "Title." *Journal* Volume (Issue): First page–Last page. https://doi.org/paper_doi.

```BibTeX
@article{AAYY,
author = {Author 1 and Author 2},
doi = {paper_doi},
journal = {Journal},
number = {Issue},
pages = {XXX--YYY},
title ={Title},
volume = {Volume},
year = {Year}}
```

---

##### Related material

+ [Presentation slides](presentation2.pdf)

Commit message:

Paper 2
Changed a lot of things for paper 2 and also changed the date format on paper 1

content/papers/paper2/index.md, after:

---
title: "Structural Change in sub-Saharan Africa: An Open Economy Perspective" 
date: 2024-09-01
tags: ["keyword 1","keyword 2","keyword 4"]
author: ["Gaaitzen de Vries", "Hagen Kruse", "Emmanuel Mensah", "Yabo Vidogbena", "Kei-Mu Yi"]
description: "This paper explores structural change in Sub_Sharan Africa using an open economy model of trade." 
summary: "This paper explores structural change in Sub_Sharan Africa using an open economy model of trade using a novel input-output dataset." 
cover:
    image: "paper2.png"
    alt: "Image caption"
    relative: false
editPost:
    URL: "https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1816454115"
    Text: "Other Journal Name"

---

---

##### Download

+ [Paper](paper2.pdf)
<!-- + [Online appendix](appendix2.pdf)
+ [Code and data](https://github.com/pmichaillat/unemployment-gap) -->

---

##### Abstract

We study the evolution of manufacturing value added shares in 11 sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) countries through the lens of an open economy model of structural change. Our analysis leverages recent developments in input-output tables in SSA countries. Our model allows for income effects via non-homothetic preferences, substitution and relative price effects, as well as comparative advantage and specialization effects. We calibrate our model to include each SSA country with nine other major economies for each year between 2000 and 2018. We also do a similar set of calibrations for 11 developing Asia (DA) countries. Our main results are that domestic and foreign sectoral TFP matter. Trade integration over time plays only a small role. However, trade as a transmission mechanism is important. Finally, the drivers and mechanisms of industrialization are similar in low-income SSA and DA countries.

---

##### Figure X: Figure caption

![](paper2.png)

---

##### Citation

Author 1 and Author 2. Year. "Title." *Journal* Volume (Issue): First page–Last page. https://doi.org/paper_doi.

```BibTeX
@article{AAYY,
author = {Author 1 and Author 2},
doi = {paper_doi},
journal = {Journal},
number = {Issue},
pages = {XXX--YYY},
title ={Title},
volume = {Volume},
year = {Year}}
```

---

##### Related material

+ [Presentation slides](presentation2.pdf)
