content/papers/paper1/index.md, before:

---
title: "Exposure to Heat and Student's Cognitive Functioning" 
date: 2024
tags: ["keyword 1","keyword 2","keyword 3"]
author: "Yabo Gwladys Vidogbena, Sharon Wolf"
description: "This paper shows how students contemporaneously function under hot temperatures in the context of a developing country." 
summary: "This paper quantify the effect of exposure to hot temperatures for children in developing countries using a novel longitudinal dataset in Ghana and pubicly available UTCI data." 
cover:
    image: "main_res_sur_ass.png"
    alt: "Image caption"
    relative: false
editPost:
    URL: "https://github.com/YaboGV/yabogv.github.io/blob/main/assets/vidogbena_wolf_temperature_children_west_africa.pdf"
    Text: "Journal Name"

---

---

##### Download

<!-- + [Paper](paper1.pdf) -->
<!-- + [Online appendix](appendix1.pdf) -->
<!-- + [Code and data](https://github.com/pmichaillat/job-rationing) -->

---

##### Abstract

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

---

##### Figure X: Figure caption

![](paper1.png)

---

##### Citation

Author. Year. "Title." *Journal* Volume (Issue): First page–Last page. https://doi.org/paper_doi.

```BibTeX
@article{AAYY,
author = {Author},
doi = {paper_doi},
journal = {Journal},
number = {Issue},
pages = {XXX--YYY},
title ={Title},
volume = {Volume},
year = {Year}}
```

---

##### Related material

<!-- + [Presentation slides](presentation1.pdf)
+ [Dissertation title](https://escholarship.org/uc/item/7jr3m96r) – PhD dissertation on which this paper is based.
+ [Column title](https://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/cp365.pdf) – Nontechnical column describing the paper. -->

Commit message:

Changes to content\papers\paper1\index.md file
- Added some keywords
- Uncomment the paper access and the online appendix access
- Changed the abstract
- Changed the name of the figure

content/papers/paper1/index.md, after:

---
title: "Exposure to Heat and Student's Cognitive Functioning" 
date: 2024
tags: ["Executive Function","UTCI","keyword 3"]
author: "Yabo Gwladys Vidogbena, Sharon Wolf"
description: "This paper shows how students contemporaneously function under hot temperatures in the context of a developing country." 
summary: "This paper quantify the effect of exposure to hot temperatures for children in developing countries using a novel longitudinal dataset in Ghana and pubicly available UTCI data." 
cover:
    image: "main_res_sur_ass.png"
    alt: "Image caption"
    relative: false
editPost:
    URL: "https://github.com/YaboGV/yabogv.github.io/blob/main/assets/vidogbena_wolf_temperature_children_west_africa.pdf"
    Text: "Journal Name"

---

---

##### Download

+ [Paper](paper1.pdf)
+ [Online appendix](appendix1.pdf)
<!-- + [Code and data](https://github.com/pmichaillat/job-rationing) -->

---

##### Abstract

The number of high temperature days has grown over time. Developing countries have less capacity to protect against the harm of extreme heat. It is important to understand how heat affects learning. There is a growing literature on the effects of extreme heat on performance and learning but no evidence in Africa.  We contribute to this literature by examining the effect of extreme heat on children’s executive function behavior in Ghana. Heat may act as a stimuli and affect executive function behavior through changes in brain chemistry and functioning which results in decrease in attention, memory, information retention and processing. Using rich longitudinal data on children, including their executive function behavior and performance on math and literacy tests, I estimate child fixed-effects models to obtain the effect of temperature on day of test on cognitive functioning.  Including child fixed effects enables me to control for time-invariant characteristics of the child such as raw ability or parental attributes, enabling me to isolate the effect of temperature on the day of test. The results using data from southern Ghana suggest that a deviation from the reference temperature bin ($24^{\circ} C$ and $26^{\circ} C$) decreases attentiveness of children. Specifically, attentiveness decreases by respectively 0.05, 0.11, 0.18 and 0.13 points as it gets hotter (i.e. $27$--$29^{\circ}C$; $30$--$32^{\circ}C$; $33$--$35^{\circ}C$; $35$--$41^{\circ}C$). These results correspond to a 20\% decrease in the likelihood of being always attentive and a 2\% increase in the likelihood of being never attentive. We found no effect on test scores, but exam are not timed and test score could reflect both skills and effort in this context.

---

##### Map of Ghana: Greater Accra Region

![](paper1.png)

---

##### Citation

Author. Year. "Title." *Journal* Volume (Issue): First page–Last page. https://doi.org/paper_doi.

```BibTeX
@article{AAYY,
author = {Author},
doi = {paper_doi},
journal = {Journal},
number = {Issue},
pages = {XXX--YYY},
title ={Title},
volume = {Volume},
year = {Year}}
```

---

##### Related material

<!-- + [Presentation slides](presentation1.pdf)
+ [Dissertation title](https://escholarship.org/uc/item/7jr3m96r) – PhD dissertation on which this paper is based.
+ [Column title](https://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/cp365.pdf) – Nontechnical column describing the paper. -->
